James Gilliland has been trying to take
the giggle factor out of the subject of UFOs for many years.
After a near-death experience as a teenager,
James was shown some truths that resonated so deeply
he was not able to turn his back on them.
This inspired a deep search for our interconnectedness
with beings throughout the cosmos.
Today, people visit his ranch from around the world
to manifest UFO visitation,
and indeed they do, as his astounding home videos show.
Sometimes it's the most innocent among them
that draws them in.
(soft outer space music)
So James, after years and years of contact
both on an internal inter-dimensional level, through a lot
of meditation and also by the spectacular types
that have been documented on film,
these ships are showing up on your property,
and I have been there and personally seen this.
I think the last time I was there,
what four or five years ago?
Yeah.
And so we've already set it up,
you're the real deal, so.
Okay (laughing)
So let's talk about
the really important aspect,
which is why are they appearing in droves now,
in your film, the incredible film, that footage over Mexico,
for example,
Oh, yeah.
- Mexico City. Unbelievable.
Hundreds of UFOs.
So, why are they showing up now?
What is the information you're getting,
and let's talk about what it is we're not getting.
Yeah, there's a lot of things
that's part of Earth's destiny
to join the rest of the universe,
and so we're gonna be joining a greater family of man,
and I would rather refer to them
as our brothers and sisters on high, you might say,
and a lot of them are just us that have left
during cataclysms and they went back out into the stars,
into the heavens, and now they're returning.
And we're getting in that same process right now.
We're gettin' ready to move into some major shifts,
you know, these great shifts of consciousness
and energy and change,
and they're coming here to help us with that shift.
Mm-hmm, and it seems
that a number of different speakers
at this particular conference in Mount Shasta,
but also elsewhere,
another one I did recently,
keep referring to beings from the Pleiades, or Pleiades,
and in the case of Billy Meier, the Plejares, Plejarens.
Yeah, yeah.
You know, everybody
has their squabbles within that.
(laughing)
Nonetheless,
Yeah.
over a very long period of time now,
these beings have been coming
and contacting.
Oh yeah.
apparently people all over the world,
and including yourself.
Can you talk about these particular beings
because they're very human.
Yeah, they're basically our ancestors.
They, some of the most ancient beings came from Lyra,
and then they went from Lyra to the Pleiades
and the Hades and the Orion system
and from there, they went to Mars,
Malona, and then the Earth,
and those were all ancient colonies of these,
of the same base group,
and when they started these colonies,
after awhile, they started drawing off of
other star nations, as well,
so we're just a big composite, you might say,
of galactic genetics on the Earth,
and our ancient history goes back over 28 million years,
not just 6,000 years,
and they're finding, you know, artifacts and diodes
and things in coal that are 50 million years old,
so it shows very clearly the Earth
has been visited and colonized
for well over 50 million years that we know of,
according to Cremo, Michael Cremo,
and some of the other people
in the Forbidden Archaeology,
but when anything doesn't fit within the box,
you know, they shove it in the basement
and say it didn't happen or it didn't exist
to keep the old program going, but.
I'd like to kind of give
a framework for a lot of this.
In the book you wrote that was given through your guide,
Cazekiel, which I read a number of years ago,
I particularly related to that story of how this,
this peopling of this planet came together
because it also happens to be almost identical
to what I had learned from another source
that's very dear to me.
And so, if you would like to share a bit of that story,
I know we hadn't intended to do that,
Yeah
but it really kind of starts,
it really sets the framework for where we are today,
so can you hop through your first book a little bit
and talk about this?
It's almost like another life
I wrote that so long ago.
I know
and maybe just,
do you think we should just leave that?
What do you want to do about that?
I can talk a little bit about it.
Let's talk about it
because everyone has a version
of how it happened,
Yeah.
and it's, we weren't just colonized
by people who turned us into slaves.
Yeah, well the first book covers
all of the ancient history.
It goes back to when the Earth was actually formed
and how it was formed and everything else,
and then it goes on,
and it talks about how the different kingdoms
each built off of each other,
like the Mineral Kingdom.
You know, the Plant Kingdom built off of that,
and then the Animal Kingdom built off
the Plant Kingdom and then so on,
and when it reached a certain level,
it was ready for humanity to walk on the Earth,
and there's so much history in that.
It's, there's no one story.
That's the whole problem.
Exactly.
If you take all the stories and put them together,
you'll have more of the truth of the real history
I think you're right.
of the planet,
so there was very, very ancient colonies here.
There was some major cataclysms that hit.
Another group came in again,
about 430,000 years ago,
which are the Annunaki that they talk about,
and they started things up again.
Then more cataclysms came,
and then everybody had to start over again,
so we've been starting over as primitives
over and over and over due to natural cataclysms and cycles,
great cycles, as well as technology run amuck.
Right, the famed (mumbles) times.
Exactly.
to themselves
Atlantis and Lamiri or (mumbles)
Those were all colonies that one of them
misused technology and abused their power,
and then they took down
the rest of the civilization on the planet.
So is it fair to say, really,
if you're looking at the human species,
it's sort of like San Francisco in the 1940s,
nobody's really from there.
(laughs)
Is it fair to say no one's really from here?
Yeah, everybody's trying to claim Earth as their home.
You know, but even the ancient traditions
in the Cherokee Nation, which I'm part of,
the point to the Pleiades as their ancestors,
so in all the ancient traditions,
they, different nations, over in,
all these other islands as well,
they point at the Pleiades and say,
we came from there or at different star systems,
they point at and say this is where,
this is where our culture came from, so
Africa, South America.
Exactly.
They're representative,
original peoples in New Zealand, Australia,
everybody's pointing out to the stars,
Exactly.
and certainly the petroglyphs and pictographs
and so forth.
Well, those ancient temples as well.
You know, when you go to the Indigenous people
and you say who built these?
They point to the stars, and they say the gods or the,
you know, they came from the stars,
so this has been going on
for millions and millions of years,
not just 6,000 years,
and the Pleiades are very well known
in almost every culture,
even in the Bible they mention the Pleiades.
They talk about the sweet energies of the Pleiades
in Amos and Job, so it's,
the Pleiades system is very well known
as one of our ancient ancestors.
So they're back, and they're coming,
and they're showing themselves by way of ships,
by way of orbs.
They're talking to people inter-dimensionally
They talk to you, so let's now get on with,
we're all here together.
Everything's going to be changing rather significantly.
Let's talk about some of the changes, as you know them,
right now, not, not even five years ago.
Where are we right now, and where are we headed soon?
A lot of what they're talking about is the,
they're talking about change on every level,
and they said that we have to get
our consciousness in order.
We have to get our environment in order.
We have to rise to the occasion,
and there's some huge shifts coming in
of consciousness and energy,
which are actually gonna create physical changes, as well,
and a lot of it has to do with, kind of, you know,
a grander cycle.
You know, just like we have normal cycles on the planet,
like fall, winter, summer, spring,
there's grander cycles happening.
We're in this grand cycle,
and this whole solar system is moving to a new place
in the universe.
It's moving through this area.
The leading edge of the solar system's glowing.
It's a thousand times brighter.
The planets are four times brighter right now.
The sun is reacting to this
with coronal mass ejections and solar flares,
so as we move through this cycle,
it creates changes,
and the way it does it is the consciousness and energy,
there's more conscious and energy in this area
that we're moving through,
and, you know, like a solar flare,
when it hits, it actually hits your bioelectric fields
around the body,
and it raises the frequencies,
and any low vibrational frequency you're carrying,
like old wounds, traumas, raw conclusions,
gets agitated, and people get really agitated,
so there's a lot of processing goin' on,
a lot of projection, blame, and things like that
when these energies hit,
and then it moves through the other levels,
and it creates weather changes, you know,
severe weather, increase in hurricanes, tornadoes,
that type of thing,
and then as it moves through the denser levels,
it creates an increase in earthquake and volcanic activity,
so as these shifts come through
as we move into this new place
where there's a lot more energy involved and light,
it's changing.
It's creating change all the way down through the continuum,
the vibration continuum, you might say.
Certainly as indicated
by the various conflicts going on at this period of time,
the reptilian brain seems to be alive and well
with those in power,
and so, what are we looking at
in terms of the evolution away from that as a species even?
What's happening is there's a grid
that this reptilian consciousness is connected into,
and just like we have the reptilian mind
and the mammal mind,
like I was saying before, the reptilian consciousness
is just focused on me and power and greed and,
and the mammal mind is more cooperation, harmony,
and working together, more family oriented,
and so what's happening right now is that that old grid,
that old consciousness is being torn down.
It's being disassembled, you might say,
and a whole new grid is being put in its place,
which is more supportive of the living in harmony
with each other and the planet
and cooperating and working together,
and you'll see the old guard, you might say,
collapsing in on itself, falling apart.
They're becoming very dysfunctional.
They can't even operate
because they don't have a grid to pull from anymore.
They don't have that support system.
It's being torn down.
So, to gain more severe types of control
is really essential for that, the final throes of survival
from the, what science would call,
the reptilian aspect of the human brain?
Yeah, there's other levels involved.
I mean, there's other levels of consciousness involved.
Please go into that, yes.
Yeah and there's other beings involved
and some seen and unseen beings
that are actually feeding this negativity,
and those are being eliminated right now, as well,
so the support on every level is being taken out,
and, you know, it's our destiny really
to live in peace and harmony
with each other and restore the Earth
and join the rest of the universe,
and that's where we're going.
And one of the ways we're adjusting
our own physical capabilities of going through this time,
to my understanding, is through some pretty incredible,
through water, through the fluids of the body
and the planet, and some of it,
and I know you've been involved for a few years now
in a particular water technology,
Yes.
and others are involved in
similar and other types of water technologies.
What is it with the proliferation
of all of these water technologies right now?
Well, I'm seeing over and over,
it's like, you know,
these trees that we're lookin' at right now are 90% water.
You know, I don't even know what percentage we are.
I can't remember what, we're a very high percentage.
I think it's high 70s or so, water,
depends on, depends on how hydrated you are,
so water is really the key.
It's the key of life,
and what we're doin' to the waters right now
is very sad because most tap water
has 6 to 800 chemicals
and biologicals and things in them that,
it's very toxic,
and I've seen, you know,
everything there from just diesel and gas to plutonium,
you know, in some water supplies, so
and lead and everything else and arsenic and
Uranium.
Yeah, uranium
in really bad supplies.
Yeah, you name it.
It's everywhere, so we're really screwing things up
as far as the water system,
so it's very important that we clean our system up
and put the very pure water in.
What about some of the,
oh I'm sorry, go ahead.
Yeah, some of the water that's coming out,
we have to get away from distilled water
because it's dead, and it's acidic,
and it actually creates more harm in the body,
but some of the purification systems
that they're using aren't really working,
but we need to get back to a live water,
which is some of the water technologies we worked on
where the water's alive.
It's very pure,
and actually I work with a German physicist
that actually crystallized oxygen and suspended it
in a micro-hydrant, which hydrates the body,
and oxygen is the highest systemic antibody you can get,
and when you increase the blood oxygen,
you start rejuvenating the body,
and, you know, even cancer is anaerobic.
It hates oxygen.
Right.
So almost all your pathogens are anaerobic,
and so if you increase the blood oxygen,
one of the main problems is that oxygen levels on the planet
are falling rapidly right now,
and they used to be 35% maybe 100 years ago.
Now they're 17% in really good places,
but Tokyo and some of the major cities,
they're down to 7%.
Exactly.
And we're just not getting the fuel to our brain,
to our heart, to our body.
Well, and this creates so
to cells.
many chronic diseases.
Yeah, and also, people can't think right,
Right.
and they do crazy stuff
and have a lot of accidents
and make a lot of serious mistakes.
Oxygen deprivation, absolutely.
Exactly.
Well, and then also we're looking
at a whole subtext to this,
which is the evolution of the human DNA,
and this is another,
is this an area that you're comfortable getting into
or you've been given much information regarding?
I've given a lot of information about the DNA.
There's a lot of information out there
that's a little off,
and I work with biophysicists and top people
that really know what's going on,
but there's actually 13 strands of DNA
and a lot of us are just operating out of two
with so many codons activated.
The more you mediate and do your spiritual practices,
the more codons are activated.
The more lines become active.
Junk DNA is not junk,
It's just inactive,
so the more you activate this DNA,
and you can do it through technology
or through spirituality as well,
and, you know, Bruce Lipton's work proved that,
without a doubt, that DNA is more like the gonads
of the body.
It's not the brain,
and the cells are actually picking up outside
with their antenna, you know.
We're perception-driven units, basically.
The cells are actually changing to their environment,
and they're picking up energy outside the cells, as well,
so they've proved there's not enough genes
to actually operate the body,
so the body's being operated by another energy field
outside the body, which is, whatever you want to call it,
our spirit, our soul, our energy body,
and there's bodies within bodies within bodies,
so it's important to realize
that as we become more acquainted and more in touch
with our higher consciousness and energy
or these higher bodies, our DNA is gonna change
to adapt to that.
And how are you seeing this playing out
in your own life and your own experience?
You seem like you've gone through, gone through
a lot of personal change.
Oh yeah.
Even since I last saw you a few years ago.
Yeah, it's a, it's interesting
I've gone through so many changes,
and now it's just, everything just is.
You know, it just is,
and I don't, there's not too much that upsets me anymore.
I don't get too caught up in it,
and I realize everybody's eternal,
and we're all having experiences down here.
Some of us are gonna ascend,
and some of us are gonna come back in diapers, you know,
depending on the choices
Again.
that we make. Yeah.
So, so it's kind of like
I just realize everything's eternal
and just try to educate people as, you know,
there's a better way of doing things.
How are you seeing this shift
in the kind of people that are being drawn to your farm?
A lot different.
In the beginning, you know,
I wanted to take care of everybody,
and I just, it was really focused on that,
and then I realized that people really need
to take care of themselves,
and I went through all these transitions,
and in the beginning,
there was a lot of people that came up
they're very needy, very demanding,
very, causing a lot of problems,
and now, we're getting a whole different quality of people
that are more sovereign.
They're more clear, and they're more service oriented,
and there's not all the drama that comes with it.
What about the kids?
Oh, the kids are incredible
that are coming to the ranch right now.
We have beings that, you know,
they talk about the indigo beings
and the golden beings and all of that,
and these kids are so pure and so innocent
and so tuned in.
They're tapped in,
and they know how to say no. (laughs)
(laughs)
Very well, you know,
and if it's not aligned
with what they feel is right or whatever,
they'll tell you, right up, right up front,
and they're, they're comin' in right now,
and they're very gifted,
and they're comin' in for these changes.
What are you seeing by way of communication,
when you have everyone together
and you start consciously interacting with the various,
the various craft that come and go
during the course of an event or an evening?
What are you, what are you seeing
with the children, in particular, and the kinds of,
the kinds of communication going on with the others,
from that place of innocence and joy?
Some of the things we've seen are,
one short story I want to talk about was,
we had a bunch of people there,
and we're all sittin' around the campfire,
and they're going, where's the ships,
where's the, you know,
the people are goin', well I'm here, where are ya,
and they just weren't really doing their focus work
or focusing on intention in creating that event,
and this one little kid picks up a marshmallow, you know,
that he was cooking, and he cooked it,
and he picked it up,
and he started walking out in the field,
and he goes, here Mr. Spaceman,
he goes, I have a marshmallow for you, like this.
Two ships just went, puff,
and they were there the whole time,
they just weren't makin',
they just powered up,
and then took off together and went off.
You know, it, it took this
(laughs)
innocence of this kid, you know,
to initiate that, to make it happen.
So what's that telling us
about the rest of us adults?
There's an old saying, you know,
you have to become like a child
before you enter the kingdom of heaven.
Well, this is heaven.
Heaven is comin' to Earth,
and it includes all these ultra-dimensional beings
and masters and angelic beings and everything else,
but we have to let go of our impatience
and our demands and our arrogance and all of this stuff
and again become more innocent in awe
and allow this to happen.
And would you say that we have to give up
our perceptions of how it's supposed to show up?
Exactly, that's one of the main things is
people have a pretty conceived idea,
and they have a lot of demands, and when they come,
they come with that,
and they usually have to lose that
before anything can happen,
and they really know how to put the intent down
and use their own spiritual communication, you might say,
to contact these ships
'cause they're very, very spiritually
and technologically advanced.
We have a lot of activity.
They come down real low.
They affect everybody there.
You feel an energy exchange.
Everybody gets real giddy, real high,
and then other times we have larger groups
where people are unfocused,
and there'll be some negativity
or some real skepticism there.
You know, wives will bring their husbands
which don't even want to be there, you know.
Not a good idea.
And things like that and it changes the energy,
so the ships stay high and not too much happens.
Have you had the presence of
people who are maybe trying to,
oh, I hate to use these conspiratorial words,
but almost infiltrate
Oh yeah.
what you're doing
and had some, have you had any events occur
around that, that might have been of a surprising nature?
We've had almost every (mumbles) agency at the ranch
that have come up,
and what's interesting is, you know,
they made some bad decisions in the past,
and they're just making sure
that we're working with the more benevolent ones right now,
but when they come to the ranch,
they go through a shift and a change,
and they usually quit.
They have a real hard time experiencing
that higher conscious and energy
or being involved with it for very long,
and then going back to the system that they're in, you know,
being with all the constrictions and,
but we've seen that again and again where people will come,
and they're blown away.
We just had a scientist come up,
and he came to debunk it all,
and now he's working 24/7 with us,
getting this all out
because he had so many experiences,
he just couldn't put them in his box anymore,
and finally he just exploded,
and now he's just as zealous in the positive way
that he was, you know, in the negative.
So do you find then
that this is becoming more frequent,
that people who have really been in a position
that's very closed down or unaccepting
and maybe in positions that are reinforcing that
or working for agencies that reinforces in the negative?
Are you finding just a lot more breaking out of that
as the fabric tears apart?
Exactly, a lot of these agencies
that aren't really serving humanity and the Earth,
and they're very constrictive, you might say,
or they're taking away individual freedom and prosperity
and not really serving humanity to Earth,
those are collapsing,
and people within those agencies
are saying I can't do this anymore.
I'm done, and they're walking,
and so they're having a lot of,
you might say, shifts within the agencies
and splittings, you might say,
and I think eventually those agencies
would either come online and serve humanity
like they were designed to do,
or they will collapse.
So you're really feeling hopeful at this time
from everything you know,
everything you've seen
all the contact?
Can you give us an overview of
how you see this picture playing out,
what's it gonna look like,
bumps and warts and all along the way,
and what your vision is.
I've had a lot of visions of the future,
and some of the things they've shown me is,
they've shown me that the grid is going down.
That the electrical grid that we all depend on
is going down,
and they also are showing that the,
that's right around towards the end of 2009,
and they're showing an increase
in the earthquakes and the volcanic activity
and the tornadoes and hurricanes.
That's all escalating due to the solar maximum
Oh right.
that we're moving into.
Yeah, it's going up to a crescendo,
where we get the grid going down from some massive flares,
and then, at the end of that.
I think that by NASA's own prognostications
Exactly.
that's supposed to happen in 2012.
Yeah, 2010, between 2010 is when it happens,
but 2012 it peaks.
It peaks.
Then it's done,
and then it starts goin' on the downswing,
and then we're gonna be seeing that happening,
but in that process,
there's a lot of people waking up to, as well,
and they're moving, you know, off the coast and off the,
'cause you don't want to be along the coast
while all this is going on
because there's gonna be tsunamis and large earthquakes
out in the oceans,
so you'll see a lot of movement going on.
People are really moving into a more free life, you know,
that supports their new consciousness,
and I just see a huge shift of people
choosing the new world
versus people trying to hang onto the old world
because the old world's going,
and there's gonna be a lot of clean up going on,
you know, because there's an old saying,
you don't put new wine into old skins, you know.
They burst, you know,
so the Earth is gonna rejuvenate and renew herself,
and she's gonna go through a lot of changes,
and through that process, but it just has to clean up
for the new consciousness
and the new civilization to come in.
And we are going to have to clean up
on a deep internal level.
Exactly, everything.
We have to let go of the old wounds and traumas
and raw conclusions from past experience
that we're carrying in our fields.
We have to clean up our diet,
clean up our consciousness on every level.
We have to kind of clean up.
And as a human family,
it appears that we're going to need
to become interdependent with one another again.
Yeah.
And maybe simplify?
Exactly.
I see it more as a sovereign cooperative, you might say,
where people are sovereign.
They're walking in their own self-authority,
but they also cooperate.
They understand the unity of all life and everyone
and that we're all connected
and working in that, in that direction.
And that might even mean
we have to invite the family back in. (laughs)
(laughs) Yeah, exactly.
In a blood sense
and also in larger sense of what family is
and begin helping each other, maybe go back to the land,
get closer to the land again,
which seems to me, that's all a good thing.
It's very important to get back in touch with nature.
You know, they all say, you know,
you take a man out of nature,
you harden his heart,
and it's very true,
so we definitely have to get back in touch with nature.
Any summaries?
Any final thoughts before,
I know, you just did a big presentation,
and I know you want to go to dinner,
you want to go to dinner,
and you have people waiting,
Yeah.
so, any final thoughts
before we sign off for this time?
I think it's important that each individual knows
that they're greatly loved,
and there is a non-judging source out there
that is supportive and that will assist them
in their own awakening and healing process,
and there's legions, you know,
both in the other dimensions and planes
that are assisting in this process,
and that you're not alone,
and that we need to really go in
and make our own personal connection
with the source or god or whatever you want to call it
and act on that inner guidance
and know that there's legions that are working
with that source to help us get through these times.
Thank you.
If you enjoyed this interview,
you'll love the documentary done on James' experiences
on the ranch called Contact Has Begun.
We featured it in our movie section on this site this month,
meanwhile, our interview with Stephen Bassett
also shines light
on the subject of UFOs and military secrecy.
Until next time, thanks for watching CMN.
(soft outer space music)